c:\users\maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\bin\Debug\designExp03.exe.config
c:\users\maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\bin\Debug\designExp03.exe
c:\users\maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\bin\Debug\designExp03.pdb
c:\users\maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\designExp03_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\designExp03.g.resources
c:\users\maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\designExp03.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\designExp03.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\designExp03.exe
c:\users\maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\designExp03.pdb
C:\Users\Maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\MitarbeiterWindow.baml
C:\Users\Maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\MitarbeiterWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\LieferantWindow.baml
C:\Users\Maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\LieferantWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\KundenWindow.baml
C:\Users\Maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\KundenWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\AngebotWindow.baml
C:\Users\Maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\AngebotWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Maasgmbh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\designExp03.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\AuftrageWindow.baml
C:\Users\Maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\AuftrageWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\FertigWindow.baml
C:\Users\Maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\FertigWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\AuftragsSucheWindow.baml
C:\Users\Maasgmbh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\designExp03\designExp03\obj\Debug\AuftragsSucheWindow.g.cs
